style: apply /style-guide pass to models/integrations (#2673)
wandb/docs: models/integrations/azure-openai-fine-tuning.mdx

---

This guide shows you how to use W&B with Azure OpenAI to track and evaluate fine-tuning jobs for GPT-3.5 or GPT-4 models. When you integrate W&B, experiment tracking captures metrics, hyperparameters, and training artifacts so you can analyze and improve model performance. You can also use W&B's evaluation tools to make data-driven decisions about model selection.

This guide is for machine learning practitioners who fine-tune Azure OpenAI models and want a systematic way to track and compare runs.

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/integrations/aoai_ft_plot.png" alt="Azure OpenAI fine-tuning metrics"  />
</Frame>

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, complete the following:

- Set up Azure OpenAI service according to [official Azure documentation](https://wandb.me/aoai-wb-int).
- Configure a W&B account with an API key.

## Workflow overview

The following stages summarize how a typical Azure OpenAI fine-tuning job flows through W&B, from preparing the job through evaluating the resulting model.

### Fine-tuning setup

Fine-tuning setup involves the following steps:

- Prepare training data according to Azure OpenAI requirements.
- Configure the fine-tuning job in Azure OpenAI.

> - W&B automatically tracks the fine-tuning process and logs metrics and hyperparameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Track the fine-tuning process and logs metrics and hyperparameters with W&B. 
```

Author: Applied (with the grammar fix 'log metrics and hyperparameters').
